Disabled empty sections (#136)
owncloud/docs-ocis: modules/ROOT/pages/deployment/security/security.adoc

=== Delete Demo Users

> oCIS offers to install five demo users for our customers to play around with before they start a serious rollout:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
oCIS offers to install demo users for our customers to play around with before they start a serious rollout:
```

+--------------------------------------+------------------------+----------------------+----------------+
----

> TIP: The generation of demo users only happens if run the initial setup with an additional environment variable: `IDM_CREATE_DEMO_USERS=true`. If you don't use this variable, only the user Admin is created plus the system users for IDP and Reva IOP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TIP: The generation of demo users only happens if run the initial setup with an additional environment variable: `IDM_CREATE_DEMO_USERS=true`, see xref:deployment/general/general-info.adoc#default-users-and-groups[Default Users and Groups]. If you don't use this variable, only the user Admin is created plus internal necessary users.
```
Referencing to the in depth documentation about demo users etc.
